Adds hint to exercise (#342)
TheOdinProject/javascript-exercises: 04_removeFromArray/README.md

The first test on this one is fairly easy, but there are a few things to think about(or google) here for the later tests:

> - throughout the logic in your `removeFromArray` function, you can manipulate the original array you pass into the function call or create a new array that is returned as the result.

Reviewer: I feel like the first part of the sentence is not needed, unless I am missing something.
```suggestion
- you can manipulate the original array you pass into the function call or create a new array that is returned as the result.
```

Reviewer 2: Or, 
```suggestion
- when thinking about how your `removeFromArray` function will work, you might consider one of two approaches: 1. manipulate the original array that is passed into the function as an argument, or, 2. create a new array that includes only what should remain in the original array passed in.
```

Author: @fortypercenttitanium  I’m curious about how this initial hint goes over. If folks continue to struggle, we’ll add your additional context. Thanks for offering that! 🙏

- how to remove a single element from an array
- how to deal with multiple optional arguments in a javascript function

> - [Check this link](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/arguments).  Scroll down to the bit about `Array.from` or the spread operator. - [Or this link](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/rest_parameters).

Reviewer 3: Since we're in here can we just update the link text for these two links to be more descriptive than "this"?

> - [Check this link](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/arguments).  Scroll down to the bit about `Array.from` or the spread operator. - [Or this link](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/rest_parameters).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- For more information, check out MDN's page on [function arguments](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/arguments) - scroll down to the bit about `Array.from` or the spread operator. You can also check out MDN's page on [rest parameters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/rest_parameters).
```
